Oh spin so cold ah I've been working out
with a potato bastard daily
I'm pretty strong now oh really see what
this means
I want to undercook you to work soon
yeah you say yes good you love me and
you will okay but I wonder I don't want
to wrong but I want to go okay you're
going to bed all right so we're going to
bed but the loser has to lick off the
winners feet tomato blood and Master why
would anyone do that was the wrong with
you Romano why would you tell the
question Milotic I know that he's not
okay no Karen did you look there lady
Oh another lady okay I'm ready okay
are you okay all right oh you did break
my hand or anything oh just wait I want
don't see me you get too exciting to my
feet but I will know I know but you are
not very strong so the tato bastard
doesn't like you
no he doesn't but I don't like him oh ma
is really cool throw these mega dusty
will you better let me rub them together
but be Romano you are so disgusting your
girl
you should you're nothing looking well
hook it on a Bella oh yeah golde room
was clean they're clean they're clean
baby yeah that was really fun Romano
hey there DMO
Tiamo